README.md, before:

# passw0rds

## https://soodohcool.github.io/passw0rds/

## Overview

This script is designed to generate secure, easy-to-remember passphrases. It employs a variety of word types—adjectives, verbs, nouns, and plurals—to craft each passphrase according to a specified pattern. The script also includes options for leet transformations.

## Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Configuration](#configuration)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)
5. [License](#license)

## Installation

Clone the repository and include the script in your HTML file. Make sure to host the word list text files (adjectives.txt, nouns.txt, verbs.txt, plural_nouns.txt) in the same directory.

## Configuration

The script uses a default configuration object to specify various options like the number of passphrases, minimum and maximum length, and leet transformation settings. You can modify these options via an HTML form.

## Usage

- Load the HTML file in a browser.
- Adjust the configuration settings as desired.
- Click the "Generate" button to create passphrases. The generated passphrases will be displayed in a text area.
- You can also click the "Randomize" button to randomize the configuration settings or the "Default" button to revert to the default settings.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository, make your changes, and then submit a pull request.

## License

This project is not licensed at all, it is 100% free use, just don't claim it as your own.

Commit message:

add python port, update readme

README.md, after:

# passw0rds

## https://soodohcool.github.io/passw0rds/

## Overview

This script is designed to generate secure, easy-to-remember passphrases. It employs a variety of word types—adjectives, verbs, nouns, and plurals—to craft each passphrase according to a specified pattern. The script also includes options for leet transformations.

## Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Configuration](#configuration)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)
5. [License](#license)

## Installation

Clone the repository and include the script in your HTML file. Make sure to host the word list text files (adjectives.txt, nouns.txt, verbs.txt, plural_nouns.txt) in the same directory.

For python version, make sure to use python 3 and run directly in your terminal. 

## Configuration

The script uses a default configuration object to specify various options like the number of passphrases, minimum and maximum length, and leet transformation settings. You can modify these options via an HTML form or via the terminal menu if using the python version. 

## Usage

- Load the HTML file in a browser.
- Adjust the configuration settings as desired.
- Click the "Generate" button to create passphrases. The generated passphrases will be displayed in a text area.
- You can also click the "Randomize" button to randomize the configuration settings or the "Default" button to revert to the default settings.
- For python version, simply use the appropriate number to navigate the menu. 

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository, make your changes, and then submit a pull request.

## License

This project is not licensed at all, it is 100% free use, just don't claim it as your own.
